### Autonomous Car
# Self-Driving Car Project
**Car model**

*I am sharing with you my autonomous vehicle project, which I submitted as my undergraduate thesis of Düzce University, Faculty of Engineering, Computer Engineering.
In my project, there are electronic tools and equipment required for an autonomous vehicle design, but I am only sharing my codes here. The list of materials I use as electronic tools in my project is as follows:
four dc motors, four wheels, motor driver control card, ultrasonic distance sensor, NodeMcu(esp8266), raspberry pi4 developer modern board, raspberry pi camera, a mold for vehicle prototype. All these equipments I mentioned have been properly integrated and a prototype has been put forward. Since the software stage and comprehensive and performance-requiring actions such as image processing and artificial intelligence cannot be performed on the esp8266 card, all of these operations were performed on the raspberry pi 4 card. The necessary arduino software is loaded on esp8266. In order for these two boards to communicate with each other and perform parallel operations, the tx and rx pins of both boards are cross-connected with each other. I performed the most important operations of the project on the raspberry pi 4 board. In order to be able to perform these operations, I first installed a work system (raspberry pi os) on my raspberry pi 4 card, then after making the necessary configuration settings, I performed the operations with raspberry thanks to the interface connection without the need for hdmi input thanks to the vnc desktop application.*
